# MIT LICENCE

Copyright 2024 (c) Kansas State University 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

# Kansas State University Branding

This software includes the Kansas State University logo and subsequent 
branding, which is a registered trademark of Kansas State University. The 
Kansas State University logo is not part of the open-source software and is
used with permission. You must obtain separate permission from Kansas State 
University to use their logo.

# User-Contributed Content
All user-contributed content on this wiki is licensed under the Creative 
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International 
[(CC BY-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) license, 
unless stated otherwise by the contributor. By contributing content to this 
wiki, you agree to license your contributions under the CC BY-SA 4.0 license.

# Third-Party Content
This wiki may include content from third-party sources, such as images, logos,
or other media. These third-party materials are not part of the open-source 
software and are used with permission or under applicable licenses. The 
respective copyright holders retain all rights to their content hosted on this
wiki.

# Research Projects and Content
This wiki contains information and descriptions of various research projects 
conducted at Kansas State University. While the wiki software itself is licensed 
under the MIT License, the research projects described on this wiki may be 
subject to different licensing terms and intellectual property rights.

Users of this wiki are advised to carefully review the licensing information 
and terms of use associated with each research project before attempting to 
use, reproduce, or distribute any content, data, or materials related to that 
project. The respective research groups, principal investigators, and the 
university retain all rights to their research work and associated 
intellectual property.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding the licensing or use of 
specific research content on this wiki, please [contact](/contact) the appropriate 
research group or the KDD Research Team

# Licenses Used

## Please contribute to open source projects!

## Lexical Text Editor [Github](https://github.com/facebook/lexical)

MIT License

Copyright (c) Meta Platforms, Inc. and affiliates.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.